the show let's go go go go go go go live
guys welcome to another episode of good
morning crypto only here online i will
attack we are of course broadcasting
live straight
ourselves from sweden and we do the show
each and every day at 8 00 a.m century
on time but on weekends it's 11.
it's 11 and today is saturday so of
course we're doing this at 11 a.m
century on time and we have massive news
guys this is a piece of news that you
don't hear
discussed a lot in the crypto space
although it affects the crypto space
very very directly and that is the fact
what's going on right now in china
with and grouped and the fact that they
are trying
to do their ipo but it was completely
stopped by chinese government by xi
jinping personally
why is it so well because the chinese
government feels that they're losing
control over the financial sector and as
you know and group
had a lot of influence and still has a
lot of influence in terms of easy
payments
easy loans easy finance in china all
from
mobile and of course right now their ipo
is stopped
and this is something that we're
witnessing right now in crypto as well
very very significantly the fact that
china is taking back control over all
kinds
of new financial ecosystems such as for
example mobile like and group
or also crypto because we do see news
coming out today that 300 million in
bitcoin
was taken out of hobby and put into
binance it's very important we're going
to discuss all of that at the same time
of course we do see bitcoin dumping a
bit we're going to discuss exactly
what's going on right here
and how important that is and how we can
treat
the coming days and the coming week in
terms of bitcoin again discuss also we
can discuss a lot of other things
guys welcome welcome welcome we are all
a bit wrecked today
at least two percent right today let me
know how you're feeling this fantastic
saturday morning
let me know where you're arching in from
as well if you are watching on youtube
be sure to smash the like as soon as
possible
smash the subscribe button and the bell
button as soon as possible when you
click the bell button you click all
so you get really all notifications
otherwise youtube will never notify you
that's the thing
you will never get this exclusive
content that actually explains to you
what's going on in crypto
in traditional finance and how you
really can use it to your advantage so
have a very serious talk with youtube
and tell youtube hey i need this content
i really really need this content so
that being said guys welcome welcome
welcome everyone who's watching on
island.com
live how are you all doing i do see
doors i do see jason i do see phillip
i do see peter pang i do see also ziggy
ziggy
i do see big strong guy i do see already
eric usman
i do see kanna krypto dude let me know
exactly where you're changing from big
shout out to iman for jumping into the
inside of nate so we have iman doing
time stamps today
and as always let me know what you're
drinking drinking black coffee no milk
no sugar
black coffee no milk and no sugar now
look at this look at this let's actually
discuss this a bit before we go into the
markets
this is very significant because the
financial ecosystem in china has been
changing very rapidly for the past few
years and especially for the past decade
if you look at the past decade
altogether it's been
very rapid you know how big wechat is
you know how big the payments
through wechat are you know how much
power the banks have been losing
and right now they're taking back
control they're very very significantly
and severely
taken by control we're going to dig
deeper into this but you have to
understand that if it is the case that
fintech companies have a hard time
imagine what crypto companies will deal
with
very very soon the reason why we're
seeing china going after fintech mostly
is because it's bigger it's way bigger
it maybe is a thousand times bigger than
crypto in china
but you know what's next on the list is
gonna be crypto it's very important to
discuss and very important
to keep the china analysis it's huge
china analysis is very important
also yesterday basically before we
started to dump i did warn you on
twitter guys that the grid was
huge the grid was absolutely cute so
guys be careful whenever you read this
fuse
you have to be careful whenever grid is
going out of control you have to be
careful we're going to go into the
charts very very soon and discuss what's
going on
before we do that i just want to warn
you about some scammers
guys in the comment section this is how
my account looks like you see the check
mark
unfortunately we do see scammers like
this for example
posting in comments pretending to be me
unfortunately many people fall for it
because
as you can see ron right here actually
answered the scammer
so ron if you're watching this i hope
you haven't been wrecked
yet because if you do keep talking to
the scammers they will take your money
so please understand it so if you don't
see a check mark it is not me here's
another example
where they just you know say hey thank
you for comment can you like
i will link you up i mean it's is this
this parasites or everywhere it's on all
channels and you really have to be
careful guys
really really have to be careful and you
know youtube is doing an okay job with
this check mark but we see that people
sometimes they forget they forget to
check the check mark so always always
check so it's checking marks account
otherwise it is a scammer 100 now we are
seeing bitcoin minus 2.3 percent
we're seeing if minus 1.2 we're seeing
xrp plus
2.7 link minus 2.5 all in all
a bit sideways a bit downwards but the
most important thing is bitcoin right
now it is down quite significantly
especially because we were at 16.5 i
mean we went really really high over the
past few days unfortunately we have not
yet
established ourselves above 16k looking
at the biggest gainers we do see some d5
hustle like sushi like uni
we also have nexo a secret but not a lot
of winners and also not a lot of big
losers
all in all quite sideways and so it's
important to understand
what your next few steps will be from
here and it's all very personal and
different but i will give you my
perspective on the marquez
and please remember we have another
tracing webinar because the one we did
this week was bigger than we expected
and we also know
that many people missed it so if you did
miss the tracing webinar we had on
thursday you have another chance
you have another chance next thursday on
november the 19th basically we're gonna
discuss how to see
the big pumps before they happen how to
land perfect entry and perfect exit
strategy and how to ride the parabolic
moves
before they actually end and how to
ensure that you're not selling too early
and not
selling too late so if you have missed
last thursday this is your chance and
even if you're a hodler you need this
because you need to know where to dca
the best
so if you watched last week you don't
have to sign up but if you didn't if you
missed last week you have another chance
now an important thing about bitcoin is
the fact that it's
super super super high right now in
terms of
historic pricing all in all you know
that if you bought bitcoin each and
every day
you could only buy bitcoin during 12
days and be at a loss
so this is how high the prices are right
now which is amazing which is by the way
amazing
only 12 days in bitcoin history has the
price
ever been higher than today this was
yesterday now we
dumped a bit but you have to understand
how close we are to all-time highs it's
very very soon
it's very very soon at the same time we
have to understand
that a lot of danger right now is upon
us in terms of that juicy 30 drop
because it is gonna come like we
discussed yesterday 30
drop is gonna come very very soon
whether it's going to be after ultraheim
or not we can discuss a bit later what's
important to look at right now
is november and how big november has
been
for bitcoin already basically end of
october and beginning of november
you see that november is only halfway
through but
whales have been buying like crazy
whales are right now accumulating
institutions are right now accumulating
you do see hourly map of unspent bitcoin
this is basically
big addresses accumulating bitcoin
that's important
and these are the addresses with 10 000
bitcoin or more
all right and as you can see we do see
very important growth in november i
think this all started with
microstrategy this all started with
paltry jones earlier this year
but especially in november big shifts
and big things are happening to bitcoin
in terms of welcome accumulation and
institutional accumulation
in terms of bitcoin today we do see a
very significant dump from yesterday
still if you just look a few days in the
past you know it's nothing spectacular
to be honest because
just on november the 12th we had the
same price as we have today
so nothing really big has happened if
i'm completely completely honest at the
same time i do understand
that many people are concerned many
people are very concerned
whether this 30 dump is gonna come right
now and
my answer is like yesterday the fact
that we do have the trend going upwards
is very very bullish for bitcoin trend
when you have a trend
it is likely to continue it is with most
likelihood gonna continue but
when it actually ends when the trend is
broken that is when you have to adjust
very very quickly the trend right now is
yellow it's perfect
and also sometimes you do see the whales
shaking out weak hands
because whales of course want more
bitcoin so we're never gonna go to
20k straight up without any kind of
resistance without any kind of
shakeout events so it's completely
normal that we do see right now
bitcoin is struggling a bit 16k 15k
not going straight up why because we
need to see this damp so weak hands are
shaking out so
the whales accumulate more this is the
strategy this is their strategy 100
but at the same time on the bsl level
you see that we're still bullish
and your position is not getting shaken
out
by these events yes we go down two
percent yes we go down three percent but
who cares
as long as the bsi is in a bullish trend
that's the only thing that matters right
now
now another important thing to note is
that when you look at the bsi as well
you do see this
bullish cloud and normally the price in
a bull market in a bull trend
does come back and touch the bullish
cloud you see this long-term
yellow cloud right here we will come
back and we will touch it
now it doesn't mean that we're gonna go
to 11k which
the cloud is at right now we're at 11k
all right
it doesn't mean that we'll go there why
because this cloud is moving upwards
and so in a week in one and a half weeks
it will already be here at 13.8
and i think 13.8 target is a very
reasonable target
for a potential significant pullback
which will come one hundred percent and
one specific
it will come the only question is will
it come now or will we go
to 18k to basically all-time high let's
see all-time high is going to be right
here at 19.8 ish
or will it come here so that's the only
thing that we need to discuss and really
keep in mind
the reason also why i think it it makes
sense it makes sense
to really expect some kind of pullback
whether it's going to be now
or whether it's going to be a bit a bit
later is when you look at for example
the bollinger bands and you know
normally the price
stays within the bollinger bands and
right now
as you can see we've been for a few days
here above the bollinger bands
and if it is the case that we keep going
up and we keep being here at the top
side
it is likely that we'll be within the
banks but right now we are
quite comfortably within the bands but
normally also it is expected that we
come back and we revisit the space here
in between and even test the lower bound
so please understand it
right now we're very very bullish and
we've been and we've been extremely
bullish you see since
october the 10th so the trend has been
bullish we're far away from the cloud
normally we come back and touch it
sooner or later we will do it okay we
will do it it may be after
we go to 20k but sooner we will touch
this yellow cloud and then
we will probably also be in this range
of bollinger bands as well
that will not only be here at the peak
above it and at the very
at the very very high of the bollinger
bands so that's something that i'm
looking very very closely at
right now this very moment another
important thing to realize is that
you know we have such a momentum and if
this momentum continues
uh perfect perfect we could go to 20k
very quickly
but if it is the case that we start
going sideways too much
then the chance of us going down quicker
than expected is higher so
basically today tomorrow what do i look
at personally today tomorrow i'm looking
at will this actually be a prolonged
action bearish action or not so the
bearish day today is not really
something significant but if it is the
case that tomorrow
we can sing you like this and over the
next few days we can see
you know trading here with some kind of
you know
price action that is a bit bearish but
also a bit sideways
and we start slowly slowly losing
momentum it's not good it's not good
why because this parabola that we're in
right now it needs momentum all
parabolic moves they need momentum
so all in all no need to make any
drastic decision i'm not making any
drastic decisions
the bullish trend is still here we're
still bullish in all directions
we're still above this very important
15.6 level that we broke from in the
ascending triangle so as long as we're
not really breaking down
into it and closing above 15.6
i'm not too worried in fact i do think
what's likely to happen
with biggest probabilities so here i
would give it approximately
75 probability what is likely to happen
because all probabilities
as you know is that we're gonna see this
uh dump
right here and then we're gonna let's
see let me change the color and then
we're gonna
slowly but surely return to the levels
like in the past and probably trend to
the upside this is what i think is most
likely
at the same time if it is the case that
we don't see a significant
direction to the upside i would be
switching you know i would be switching
if by tuesday let's say by tuesday
we're still in this no man's land you
know if by tuesday we're still kind of
you know
we're here we're printing some red
candles we're printing some you know
like
nothing too strong nothing decisive
we're some somewhere here
then i would readjust the probabilities
at this point the market would be very
uncertain here i would just put 50 50
and i would just be waiting for the
market to tell us something
because as long as you know this thing
gets erased quickly
75 we're gonna go to the upside but if
we are here we're not certain then it
would be more 50 50 and then
i would only be looking at the bullish
trend as long as this thing is up i'm
still bullish but
i would be way way more cautious and you
know as as soon as this
turns bearish and continues to be
bearish then probably we're gonna see
one week at least one week of uh of
pullback so
that is the analysis of today uh still
with bullishness i'm looking at the
market but it is changing quickly guys
it is changing quickly because this is
crypto
welcome to crypto crypto is a wild wild
west
this is something we have to understand
and uh mentally
i'm 100 prepared to go to 13.8
i'm 100 prepared i think it will happen
um and uh i told you the reasons the
cloud is way too low
bollinger bands we've been just you know
bouncing up in the upper direction we've
been so bullish for the whole month
but this is also bitcoin you know
bitcoin can always surprise us and
continue to be bullish but just from you
know probabilities
i i've just told you my probabilities if
we keep momentum 75
i think it's gonna continue if we are
very uncertain here i would say hey
i'm i'm kind of hands off i'm giving
this 50 50. it's very difficult to say
what we're doing
and then it's just the trend is the
trend still bullish or not so you get
the point
now if right now the same thing i mean
it is the same it's like the lagging
brother you know
yesterday we did see bitcoin pump within
the day and then it pumped a bit later
okay
and now we distribute and damsub is
dumped a bit later so it is like you
know a second chance
a second chance too long a second chance
to short it is
very very nice free money opportunity in
many cases
as long as this stays the same like i
tweeted yesterday if you follow me on
twitter you know that
we we had 24 hours to get into eath
yesterday
if you look at the hourly you did see if
performing quite nicely
yesterday all right if you look at here
that we went all the way you know to 478
so if you are trading if you're not just
hodling but you are actually trading
this was amazing this was amazing
opportunity but at the same time
uh that bitcoin went back we did see
that this went back and now it followed
so all in all nothing too spectacular in
terms of if it is the same as bitcoin
uh what's important to look at is the
bigger thing and that is the fact that
we do
see china crack down and this is
something that could affect markets
quite significantly
why is it so well because always china
fud is significant we did see it in 2017
we did see it in 2016
and right now they're doing something
they didn't do in the past and that is
that they are going after the financial
sector so i am keeping a close eye on
this
it's always impo important to look at
the bigger picture what is the bigger
picture in crypto you know for the past
few months it has been stimulus
then it has been the election and right
now i would say a big story is this and
group ipo that gets smashed
and probably we're going to see more
crackdown on exchanges it's not
necessarily the crypto industry there is
at
in danger here it's whole you know
fintech it's just everyone who is
challenging the government and the
financial sector in china right
so they are targeting these kinds of
groups and even jack ma cannot do
anything you know jack ma founder of
ali alibaba you know jack ma also from
and group
the richest man in china and still
cannot do anything
he cannot do anything because chinese
president xi jinping personally made a
decision
to halt the ipo of and group which
would have been the world's biggest
after controlling shareholder jack ma
infuriated government leaders according
to chinese officials with knowledge of
the matter all right
so if you think that crypto is not going
to be affected i
would think again because if jack ma is
affected crypto is 100 affected okay
because it's even easier to do action
against crypto because most people don't
even have crypto
but most people do use services in china
that and group or wechat you know all of
these big fintech companies provide
so an group challenge china state
dominated banking system by bringing
easy to use payments borrowing and
investing to hundreds of millions of
smartphones across the country so they
just did fintech
and they tried to be regular i mean they
were regulated of course these financial
applications it is not by some kind of
you know anonymous guy
in defect launching some kind of sushi
swap as you know
so this was completely completely
transparent it was and group that did it
and they were highly successful
on tuesday chinese officials dom
reminded the company who was really in
charge
in a late evening announcement that
stunned china
the shanghai stock exchange slammed the
brakes
on and group's initial public offering
which was said to be the biggest stock
debut in history with investors on
multiple
continents and at least 34 billion in
proceeds
so you see this is not something that
they will just
release you know that will just say hey
okay fintech innovation let's go let's
go free market let's do this
but do whatever you want no no it's not
going to be like that and it's like pom
said on twitter for all you geniuses who
hate capitalism because sometimes
it's it's kind of kind of popular to
hate capitalism to say you know
capitalism is broken this and that we
need to have another system
and we we need to change we need to
remove capitalism
but you see if you compare the situation
in the us to something like we're seeing
in china it is quite okay okay it's not
perfect
it's never perfect but it is quite okay
so like pom says
for all you geniuses who hate capitalism
read this one and remember that america
has a significant advantage globally
because the american dream
is alive and well all right one person
cannot stop your
big ipo all right it's not possible it's
simply not possible in the same way it
is possible in other countries like for
example china
so what does this mean for crypto well
this does mean more uncertainty for
crypto
as you know we do have ok x completely
wrecked right now
no withdrawals still after a month still
no withdrawals
we do see hobby kind of wrecked kind of
wrecked
uh because their executives are
allegedly allegedly
being investigated although they are
denying it so bitcoin flows from
binance to binance from hobby reached an
all-time high
since the hobby chief operating officer
robin zhu
allegedly went missing on november 2nd
according to data provided by crypto
quant
a total number of 18
600 bitcoin worth nearly 300 million
were transferred from hobby to binance
from that day until november 11th
a lot of users went to binance because
chinese users are more
familiar with finance and most
importantly binances executives are all
overseas
okay so they managed to distribute their
their team and their
operations so much that they're not
affected as much
in china as their competitors at the
same time
you know that they are originally also
from that region they are also from
china originally
the question is how far they've actually
decentralized
and how far they have actually reached
outside of china
and it is quite significant i mean
they're growing like crazy in the u.s
finance as you know they're growing like
crazy also in eu
so hopefully they have decentralized
enough but it's still very important to
know that binance
falls in into this sphere of influence
of china
still i would say they do 100 although
they do have subsidiaries across the
world
you cannot deny still the risk so the
risk right now if you have funds on
hobby
uh i would i would be careful guys
because
very very soon they might turn into okay
x okay you cannot withdraw
if you have funds on binance maybe it's
not as dangerous but also you know you
never know that's the thing it's
always better to have in your own wallet
always better
even though it seems that binance is
safe
it seems that their binance you know
executives are all overseas
do you really want to take that risk
okay because if something goes wrong
nobody will help you nobody okay you're
completely on your own no regulator
you cannot complain anywhere nobody's
gonna investigate nobody's gonna help
you you're just wrecked on your own
completely alone so you have to take
responsibility basically
spokesperson from binance declined to
comment any impact china's crackdown
could have on his business so this is
not even comment
hobby though they did comment and they
said that everything is normal
don't spread rumors and um yeah
everything's fine
we're all good don't listen to rumors
hobby reserves the right to pursue legal
responsibilities for those who
spread rumors uh she says so yeah let's
see
if anything happens to to coindesk
because they spread the rumor
but all in all yeah be very careful it
doesn't matter whether it is binance or
hobby
just any exchange especially in china i
would be very careful
and they also write about the fact that
china tightens its grip
in fintech 100 multiple sources close to
ok excellent hobby told coindex
coindesk the crackdown is associated
with china's efforts
to fight money laundering and fraud in
reality
just have more control over fintech and
more control over money
you always want to be close to the money
guys this is by the way
a good advice in business as well this
is by the way good advice in any career
you see if you are some kind of
specialist let's say you're an engineer
let's say you are some kind of designer
let's say you're some kind of whatever
you are
really you need to be close to the money
in any organization if you're close to
the money you have the most
opportunities
whenever you're closest to the money
flows let's say in the company
you have way more chance to actually see
an opportunity to advance
because you see that the company always
wants ideas and always wants
new ways to grow the money flows okay
so if you understand how the money flows
work in a company like a career-wise
you have just way bigger opportunity to
advance way quicker okay
if you're talking about bigger research
always be close to the money because
that that's the most important thing
and also of course in a country in the
country you want to control the money
flow
you don't want freaking fintech taking
over you want to be the fintech
you want to be the the one that is
actually spreading
these new applications and being in
control of what people are doing
so that is why right now we're seeing
this china crackdown in my mind this
china crackdown
in fintech will disappear because they
will just give away a huge portion of
the
company probably this is what's going to
happen you know when we do see
president xi jinping personally stopping
the ipo
probably they will allow the ipo when
they are in charge
okay maybe they will find a way to get a
nice
big juicy portion of the shares in the
company
maybe something else because the
technology is amazing the technology
that ang group creates and
all these other fintechs in china it's
so good that's why it has so much
adoption all right
so the only way for them to go public in
my mind is to
basically invite the government make it
kind of half government which
it's which probably it is already but
even more even more
so the government actually controls all
the money flow so that's the only way
for crypto it is the same all of the big
exchanges also they're gonna need to be
very very government controlled or they
will have to move very quickly like
binance is doing
and has done hopefully so this is the
only way forward for this crypto
companies in china because it's money
you know you don't want to lose control
of money flows
all right if you are a government that's
the last thing you want to do
so i i see i see this very very
seriously
especially because we do see bitcoin
growing a lot
bitcoin getting way more adoption and
way more influence so it's inevitable
that some
some crackdown will continue like this
one
one second
but actually if you are to take any
wisdom from this it is be close to the
money i mean even if we
just look past china you know in any
organization
you need to be very close to the money
flows
because that's the only way you can
understand how they work and potentially
in the future
figure out the way how to redirect even
a small portion of these flows
into your own business like into your
own something you know organization you
get ideas really who pays for what why
they pay
how they move funds which makes you way
more
capable to understand the world and to
understand business opportunities and so
forth
to such an extent that you can figure
out a way how to you know
get a small stream of the money flow uh
yourself somehow by providing some kind
of service by understanding
getting in somehow maybe you can improve
this whole system and you can say hey
but give me this cut yeah you get the
point you get the point it's very
important
all right so moving on we discussed the
china fad we discussed the
price which i'm still bullish on but
looking closely how this is going to
develop in terms of momentum but long
term of course long term is very bullish
we're just talking about short term and
short term
i'm telling you that 30 percent
that 30 dump is gonna come
it's gonna come 100 okay because this is
bitcoin
and especially when people are too too
greedy it's it comes so here's a good
example by the way
this is the situation i don't want to
see and i would be very careful
uh if this situation unfolds as you can
see we did have kind of a parabola here
as well
where we went from you see 9k all the
way to
12.4 okay so this was a huge huge huge
price appreciation but you see what
happened then
this parabola really i mean you can
maybe call this parabola this was the
true parabola okay
but then it's it started to lose the
steam
here you see it started to basically
print red candles like i warned you
about now i mean if it is the case that
today's scandal is this one right here
and then tomorrow we get something like
this
and then we get something and and this
the whole situation just
starts to lose the steam we need to be
careful
because a drop is around the corner and
just like here you know from the peak to
the bottom
when you look at it from this peak to
this bottom
it was only 21 and this was just in you
know from
august to early september uh this was 21
from the peak to this bottom and the the
fact that we had even
even bigger pump to the upside it would
easily put us at -30 i think from the
top
to the bottom so it's all about momentum
do we will we see something like this
now unfolding here as well you see
uh that wouldn't be good um and that
would indicate that we might see
a pullback and let's see if we go to
thirty percent
is is 11.5 and you see right now if that
would be
if that will happen right now we would
be here at this yellow cloud
is it possible of course it's possible
it's biscuit of course
i give this 25 right now like i told you
today and this changes all the time by
the way
this changes all the time uh today i
give it 25
if it is the case that we continue
printing i give it more
on tuesday i would give it 50 50 if we
continue so yeah please keep in mind
all right so we discussed this we also
have a lot of
moves in the western world and western
world is moving ahead on two different
fronts
number one banks right now are
positioning themselves
to be the new exchanges okay because
they see that this is going to be
regulated like crazy this whole space it
is already becoming
and sec right now says all banks
can be seen as bitcoin custodians all
right which is
important this is why you have so much
action right now against bit makes
against other unregulated entities in
this space
because this is becoming very serious
money and the financial ecosystem of
course they want to be part of this
and for them to be part of this they
need to clear the space so this is
a bit what we're seeing in the west as
well in china is just way more
significant
their people are disappearing suddenly
okay
okay x um executive disappeared he has
the key would
okay don't have the key now he's
suddenly gone in the u.s we haven't seen
that yet but you get the point okay
the securities and charge commission now
qualifies you as banks broker dealers
and
registered futures commission merchants
as custodians
for digital assets so this is going to
be very key as banks try to become the
exchanges
at the same time we are seeing central
banks also moving towards digital
currency
and laguard in europe ecb concluded that
probably ecb will launch their own
currency
very very soon their own digital cash
very very soon and basically she said
the following my hunch is that it will
come
it's going to be a huge shift because
now you don't have to have money in the
in the banks you can have
money in your app basically central
central bank app
if it's cheaper faster more secure for
the users then we should explore it
if it's going to contribute to a better
monetary sovereignty a better autonomy
for the euro area i think we should
explore it
she said at the same time saying that
she is not really in a hurry
she says we're gonna look at it
carefully we're gonna think about it
maybe we'll do it maybe not i think
we'll do it she said
but all in all nothing is set in stone
yet so how do we conclude
how do we conclude this news everything
that we've read
number one significant moves in china
especially when you look at if i look at
crypto
i think this is just gonna go deeper
it's gonna go deeper does it really
affect the price in my mind
not really right now even when you look
at the past few years when we did see
china fad it did not affect the price a
lot because we're quite
used to the fact that bitcoin and crypto
is not really allowed in china
all right not really allowed so it's not
something completely new
i think the market has priced this whole
situation in quite nicely already
it's all pricing this china fad is
priced in the problem
is the exchanges that might start
collapse like for example okay x the
question is will they get back or not
hobby will they get back or not this is
a very important
new perspective a new side of the story
we did not see in the past
that exchanges are now in trouble that
everyone is using big exchanges like ok
exclusives huge exchanges
and they might be taken down that's a
big huge variable that hasn't been
present in the past in terms of china
fud
so that might of course affect the price
quite significantly
in terms of the other countries like u.s
eu
it's just going to get more and more
regulated so all unregulated changes in
my mind
will face very significant trouble and
they are already with bitmakes and this
is just gonna continue
that's quite important and finally the
price right now
still bullish we cannot lose momentum
let's not lose momentum
let's go into auckland forest and then
we'll go to q and a's very very soon
number one reduces wapis swappy swappy
swap truss swap
getting back on track already above 0.3
dollars
and right now what's important is that
their projects are killing the projects
that are building on top
of trash swap are going absolutely nuts
we did see orbit
do 700 we are seeing right now also coin
defy
getting a lot of attention and like i
told you in the past for trust swap
it's not only their progress that counts
it's also the the progress of all the
projects building on top of trustworth
so that's quite nice
we do see uh yfdi integrating right now
uh with stacked doing a partnership
and all in all uh it is a strategic
partnership and they're gonna launch a
few bots trading bots
uh yfdi will launch two trading
algorithms on stack invest platform safe
trade ethe and save trade btc
both will be available to all y of die
holders
so basically it's the fact that you can
get uh a discount here if you have three
y of die you receive 80
discount and three yfda is like three
thousand dollars so you need to
to be honest you need to be holding and
you get your money back
from the discounts and then it's a bit
different for for other
uh holders and if you take three you get
this you stake two you get this you take
one you get this
so it's quite important because at
denzel it's all about utility how do you
build out utility in the ecosystem
so they are right now working with
stacked launching trading bots we do see
polka starter having a
big nice 17 pump
why they are working right now with
covalent
and basically they are integrating a few
features like for example
seeing when a hack happens so like you
know we did see acropolis hack
a few days ago so with these features
with integration with kovalen they will
be able to detect
when you have the stolen fans move
moving across different um ecosystems
like polka dots like eth
and right now this will be integrated
into their into their platform
and finally we do have electroneum
electroneum
they do have this any task platform as
you know and i thought this was
quite nice basically any task is a
freelance platform
and right now they are adding a lot more
opportunity to freelancers
that don't even have bank accounts okay
that's the big problem if you are a
freelancer like this woman right here
sayama from bangladesh you know in many
cases you don't even have a bank account
so if you go to fiverr you go anywhere
else
what will you do there okay you cannot
get paid okay you cannot
get paid anywhere you cannot get a bank
account all right
in many cases that's the biggest problem
so now they are allowing
more and more uh users and they are
growing like crazy why because you don't
need to have bank account that's the
most important thing
and basically she is free she has tried
fiverr upwork and so forth
her problem the biggest problem was that
she didn't get discovered but another
problem is the fact that you know in
many cases you don't even have a bank
account look yeah you cannot even
withdraw that's the problem
you get your balance in all of this
different
networks you cannot withdraw we are
moving towards
the q a the questions the answers uh
and the discussion we're gonna do a
small blockbuster
don't forget about the completely free
webinar on tracing so if you missed on
thursday you have another chance and we
know that on thursday
it was so many people that watched but
also so many people that missed it so
that's the only problem that we had
that so many people still missed it the
trading webinar it's all about how to
see the big pumps before they happen
number one
number two how to land perfect entry
number
three how to land perfect exit and how
to ride
parabolic moves without selling too
early that's important anyway guys we're
rolling the blockbuster and then we do
the q a
[Music]
there you go there you go guys let me by
the way know
what you think is going to happen would
the price
of bitcoin be gone
you see if this really continues
already this year i think it's a good
chance that this year we are already at
20k
if we don't now lose momentum that's the
only thing i don't want us to lose
momentum only now
yo yo yo yo yo jason do you know if
there's any alkene competing with truss
swap
um not really not really i mean
it's no it's not a monopoly anyone can
do it
um hi could you see more accidental
forks if if two validators don't upgrade
when upgrades are updates are released
so the problem wasn't really the tech it
was the
development process you know they should
have announced way more clearly
when a consensus breaking rule was
introduced
so they did not do that that's the
problem the technology is
not the problem the consensus breaking
rules are also not a problem as long as
people know about them
as long as it is announced that there is
a fork coming up
the problem is that they don't even
realize themselves that they were
introducing a
fork so i think that was the big problem
and it just
shows that the development processes in
the if seem need to be better
no excuse for that there's no excuse for
that it was not good the result
that we did see the fact that suddenly
some nodes
got onto another blockchain
because their consensus rules were
different it was updated
yeah are you considering partnership
with terra virtua
i think it's very nice i have a private
sell
i'm in private sale so whether it is
partnership or not
but i do love them tera virtual man is
one of this project that i'm
i wouldn't be in the private cell if i
wasn't interested
so you can say that we have a
partnership
hey ivan could we see more accidental
forks well i just answered it of course
we could
it's always possible there's always
danger
but i hope we don't see it i hope that
they improve the processes
so much that we don't have to deal with
it anymore
but that was the problem look it's the
fact that you
introduce some changes and then you need
to ensure that those changes don't break
consensus and sometimes you know it
might be difficult that's the thing
sometimes it's really an edge case some
kind of
edge transaction hk's transaction hk
smart contract that comes along
and you only discover the problem way
into the future
okay that's that's not good that's not
good
yes evan did you
notice
i haven't noticed i will check it out
evan what do you think about that if
domain versus description domain
uh i think that crypto makes way more
sense because it's cross chain
it is cross chain 100 so
that's the number one but also the fact
that you have more and more wallace
supporting it
um if it's also nice.if is also nice but
uh is is only within it that's the
problem
and wallets support dot eth a lot they
support dot crypto
basically as much maybe a bit less
descriptor is supported than dot eth
but once again it's all about adoption
what kind of wallets support you what
kind of businesses support you
but i think cross chain solutions
like dot crypto ensemble domains just
make more sense
why only beyond it when you can be cross
chain
so that's why i do think personally that
dot crypto is a bit more interesting to
me
and dot eth is amazing but it's only if
okay
dot zeal is like dot crypto it's the
same it's the same
dot zeal.crypto is the same it's just
whatever you like
better it's like dotcom.org.net
it's the same ecosystem they work
exactly the same but they just look
different okay
rtm what's the best way to accept crypto
in
brick and mortar business it is use
trust 100
100 case 100
uh i love what uterus is doing and now
we already
integrated them into our payments
into our crypto payments the only
problem that
we have that we did not have with
coinbase commerce is that
here we need to wait for full
confirmation you know in coinbase
commerce we could say we don't care
about confirmations
so we could do super chat with crypto
but utress is more okay
it's fully confirmed or it's not fully
confirmed okay
so it works perfectly for purchasing it
works perfectly for whatever you're
selling but
like one you know one confirmation zero
confirmation payments you cannot really
adapt it because it's not it's not as
adaptable in terms of
your your web hooks your web hook only
gets confirmed
or not confirmed but in terms of being
a fully fledged solution for merchants
this is the best
and this is also why we moved from
coinbase commerce because we did not get
financial reports we did not get any
good
code that we could use because it was
like a hybrid it's not open source
but they don't care about you and they
don't help you so
if you even want to build a solution
that helps with coinbase commerce that
helps your business
you can't because it's not open source
so if something doesn't work you cannot
do anything about it you cannot change
the code
and also they have no support because
they don't make any money on it
so that solution is not good for any
serious business and i'm telling you
that because we've tried congress
commerce
for a few few months it's not good it's
not good
if it if it would be completely open
source it would be very good
but it's not open source and
it's self custody so coinbase doesn't
care about you
and as i told you they have some kind of
internet that
is just there pretending to be support
yeah we were not very pleased at all at
all so that's why we shifted to you
trust it works perfectly
perfectly for us now ivan
a possible date for layer to solution on
metamask to be used
in uni swap and if this will actually
allow
zero fee tracing there is no date
it's basically when metamask decides to
do it and the reason there is no date
is because you don't have any kind of
working solution right now 100
there are very good solutions like matic
so so nice
so amazing you have also x died quite
good
but right now we don't really know which
one is going to be
and it's still very early so for
metamask they need to
create something that works with
everything okay
they don't i don't think that they will
support xdi or they will support matic
maybe they will but i just don't think
so they're more
they're more open to everything so the
only thing that they might
do is maybe to give you an interface
where you can
connect to whatever layer two you want
and then they have some way of making it
work
with whatever you choose whatever layer
to choose but that doesn't really work
because they all
have different features and they work
differently there are different tech
standards all of these layer twos
so i think that's why we still haven't
seen anything from metamask
because their job is not to go and
support
uh one project okay one layer two they
will not do it i think
they need to create a way that they
support basically everything
but they don't know which one is going
to be so i think it will happen
when there will be good
uh solution that is basically the leader
there is the clear leader then
i do think they will make the move
but right now it's too early
uh ivan in your opinion is it time to
accumulate alls or you think alls could
lose value in bitcoin until 20k i
als can absolutely still lose value in
bitcoin not necessarily in u.s dollars
but in bitcoin they could still lose
value until
all-time high 100 the dominance right
now
is uh is just in bitcoin's trend
uh dominance is moving quite severely to
the upside
for bitcoin so
[Music]
of course that is the case at the same
time if you think that you can time the
market
and you can start buying exactly at the
right place
it will never work out for you so you
basically need to
dca because no other thing will work you
see
let me show you dominance right now has
been
skyrocketing it has reached this level
of
66 then we did see alts recovering a bit
since early november you know that uni
swap has been pumping ava has been
pumping
a lot of olds have been pumping lately
but still the trend is
to the upside you can even you can even
look at the bsi
bsi also works on this you see that
trend is still bullish
for the dominance and when this thing
turns bearish on the bsi
perfect then it's way more likely way
more likely that also will start
performing very nicely
yes yes yes and always as you can see
here in trends you do have sometimes
fake outs but it's only sometimes in
most cases
a trend is very powerful and holds for
at least
a week or more and here it did hold yeah
but is it hold for a few days here so
almost a week here so let's see let's
see let's see
but don't try to time it it feels that
you're trying to time it
you think that you're gonna start buying
exactly when
alts hit the bottom in bitcoin value
you're not gonna do it
and in reality when it happens you're
gonna be blown away by how fast olds
move
um where do you store coins like mighty
can anchor or you need to
figure out the solution to store it
binos does support them you can also
do your own wallet 100 is possible
do you think diva can connect to real
world assets
yes of course we do see it already with
tether
being used a lot usdc being used a lot
it's coins backed by real world assets
by real world bank account
in the same way we will see real estate
also
i think very very soon in d5 in the same
way by the way
we see uh prediction markets like for
example the trumpcoin
is all about the fact that
you get real world information and real
world events
through oracle's into the blockchain
which is very important let me actually
show you
trump tru it's actually called trump
february now
and it is um very low
like this for example this is from ftx
uh trump february
basically if trump is president
still in february this thing will settle
to one dollar
right now it is 0.09 his prediction
market
so if you think that trump is president
in february
you can buy this you will basically get
a 10x on your money if he is
and you can buy it on ftx so it's
prediction market
it's already in d5 this is define
already in many cases
and of course the big question is oh but
isn't it centralized yes some portions
of d5 like for example asset-backed
coins they are inherently centralized
usdc for example
inherently centralized and this is the
same when bitcoin is traded for
tether this is the same when you have
loans
backed by usdc or tether mostly usdc now
in the maker so yeah of course when it
comes to these assets
coins are backed by real world assets
it's still the
old-school justice system
with courts and so forth
that decide who is right and who is
wrong if you have a coin that is a real
estate coin
and then you want to sell it and you
want to have basically your portion of
the funds from that real estate and they
don't give you the funds you can go and
sue them just like you have tether
and you want to have your your dollars
if tether
doesn't give you your dollars you can go
and you can sue them so that's
how it works right now with tether with
usdc and that's how it will be with real
estate
and all kinds of other tokens as well
and derivatives very big as well right
now derivatives can't be
uh they can actually be very
decentralized because you can have
synthetics
and statistics are decentralized because
you
basically back a synthetic asset
with the same value as the real asset
so for example if i want to create a
synthetic version
of gold and let's say the gold price
is 1900
let's just say it is 1900 for one ounce
so i can create a gold token on the
ethereum blockchain
and i can put 1900 dollars
worth of ethereum in a smart contract
and so it is a synthetic asset it's an
asset that is backed by collateral
ethereum
to exactly the same extent as the real
thing is worth
when the real thing shifts in value i
need to adjust my collateral
and this is how you did see bit shares
work
if you remember bitshares it's an old
project and this is also how
you have a maker that working today when
you have die the synthetic
stable coin die it is backed by if
and it is the value of one dollar and
there you don't really need to have
centralization
centralization comes into synthetic
assets
because of volatility so unfortunately
diet today
is quite centralized because of usdc a
lot of the collateral
of dye is usdc which doesn't make sense
it's
i don't like the way that they have
decided to change die
because from the beginning die was
bagged by ether
the problem is of course when ether
starts going up and down like crazy
for example if you have if losing value
all of these
diet tokens they need to increase their
collateral in eth because it has lost
dollar value
so when it is very volatile it's
problematic
with eth so that is why makridal decided
after the corona dump to introduce usdc
as collateral basically backing
die with usdc
to me it doesn't make a lot of sense i
don't like that they did it
i don't at all but you get the point
theoretically
it works theoretically you can back you
can create synthetic asset in a
decentralized way
but then volatility will be your problem
if you do for example with eth
and so bitshares did it and the reason
they failed is because of volatility i
did interview dan larimer a few months
ago and he said that
look i think that is very interesting
but i know
for a fact that it's not easy he said
because i did pictures
and it did not really work out because
it was super volatile
and all the collateral was super
volatile all the time
yo yo yo denis ivan thanks for daily if
you have to choose one single platform
to leave fans
into staking oh man i don't want to
recommend you choose yourself
i don't want to recommend anything
because then you will come to me you say
hey ivan you recommend this this now now
the exit scam no
don't ask me this man you choose
yourself
i'm just telling you use common sense
don't bet the farm
all platforms can exit scam all
platforms can lose their private key
i mean maybe that is the biggest problem
they can lose their private key like
okay exit one of their guys is in
chinese police custody they don't have
the private key
everyone's money is basically frozen but
it is safe
they're writing on their twitter channel
all the time that the money is safe it's
so safe
that they themselves cannot even have
access to it is the third largest
bitcoin exchange ok ex okay
and they have they have lost their
private key basically
there is this joke that they're they're
trying to brute force
they're trying to brute force their own
private key they're saying hey guys fans
are safe
fans they're so safe even they cannot
take it okay that's how safe they are
vincent nice show interested in what you
said about the banks
uh so yeah we discussed that they are
gonna be cryptic changes basically
so all in all all exchanges might lose
their key
might get hacked might exit scam
might have some kind of other problem
okay
so don't bet the form use your own brain
and um yes ivan isn't why
why have that competing with trustful
yeah in some way yes but it's different
ecosystem they're very different
uh i have both why of dying swap i mean
it's it's different
it's different tokenomics in die is very
different is deflationary as you know
and also don't really think about
competition once again if you think
about competition you're not thinking
correct because this industry is not
about that
um it doesn't matter whether two
projects do the same thing or five or
ten projects do the same thing okay
when it comes from an investing
perspective in the near
future in the near you know 10 10 months
20 months when you look at it oh
look at neo in 2017
did it care that it had a lot of
competition no i mean
it it's not like a market analysis in
traditional in traditional uh
business and even trustworth and why yes
they both have
launch pad but it's very different and
it's only one portion
of the different things they do and the
tokenomics are completely different
everything is very different but yes
there are some similarities just like
there are
some projects that do lending and some
projects that do decentralize exchanges
but you don't say that they are
competing i don't think that kyber for
example really competes with union swap
i don't think that um loop ring competes
with uni swap or honey swap competes
with loop ring i mean it's uh
it's so new and when the tide comes
all boats are risen how do you say it
floats all boats all right
so when you make this market analysis
and you say oh no no no this this
thing competes with this thing so it's
not good or it's or it is good or
whatever
the conclusion you make you see we're so
early that it doesn't even matter
everyone is so small nobody has
trillions of dollars
in circulation in asset assets under
management in assets
total value lock nobody has trillions of
dollars so
as long as that's the case uh the
competition does not matter
it's like speaking about oh you know
pets.com competing with some kind of
other internet company that nobody knows
today it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter
that we had 10 000 social networks in
the 90s most of them are not even here
okay
so there you go it's it's not important
at the competition it's simply not
because nobody has adoption so
it doesn't matter at all actually guys
thanks a lot for being here thanks all
for interesting question
questions as always was fantastic time
to be here together
and to answer and to have good
discussions hope you enjoyed hope you
learned something that the most
important thing that you actually
learned something that you are a bit
smarter today
than you were before the show that you
were yesterday and see you all tomorrow
at
11 am central european time
and if you're watching on youtube smash
the like subscribe
and bell button join the tracing webinar
using the link below if you haven't yet
and see you all tomorrow guys thanks a
lot really really appreciate you
always fantastic to be together and
enjoy enjoy saturday we'll be back
sunday goodbye guys goodbye goodbye
goodbye